Remove most code configuration (#277)
microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Python: azure-monitor-opentelemetry/README.md

| Parameter | Description | Environment Variable |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| `connection_string` | The [connection string][connection_string_doc] for your Application Insights resource. The connection string will be automatically populated from the `APPLICATIONINSIGHTS_CONNECTION_STRING` environment variable if not explicitly passed in. | `APPLICATIONINSIGHTS_CONNECTION_STRING` |

You can configure further with [OpenTelemetry environment variables][ot_env_vars] such as:
| Environment Variable | Description |
|-------------|----------------------|
| [OTEL_SERVICE_NAME][opentelemetry_spec_service_name], [OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES][opentelemetry_spec_resource_attributes] | Specifies the OpenTelemetry [resource][opentelemetry_spec_resource] associated with your application. |

> | `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER` | If set to `None`, disables collection and export of logging telemetry. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER` | If set to `None`, disables collection and export of distributed tracingtelemetry. |
```

| `OTEL_METRICS_EXPORTER` | If set to `None`, disables collection and export of metric telemetry. |

> | `OTEL_LOGS_EXPORTER` | If set to `None`, disables collection and export of distributed tracing telemetry. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `OTEL_LOGS_EXPORTER` | If set to `None`, disables collection and export of logging telemetry. |
```

| `OTEL_BLRP_SCHEDULE_DELAY` | Specifies the logging export interval in milliseconds. Defaults to 5000. |

> | `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG` | Specifies the ratio of distributed tracing telemetry to be [sampled][application_insights_sampling]. Accepted values are in the range [0,1]. Defaults to 1.0, meaning no telemetry is sampled out. |

Reviewer: Nit: Switch the ordering of the last two so `OTEL_x_SCHEDULE_DELAY` variables are grouped together.

Author: Done.
